Hello everyone and welcome once again to those of you, the lucky few digging it live here at Meltdown
Comics in Hollywood, to those listening around the world, the beautiful planet Earth, Harmontown is now in session.
Please welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown, the Dan Harmon.wn, thank you, thank you, this is buttoning my sweatshirt in front of my gut, it's pretty, it's fooling
everybody, right? It's slimming. If you cover something, you don't know it's there. Are you saying you've put on a couple?
Yeah, definitely, definitely. A lot of stress at work and a lot of seeking comfort. You're on a diet and it's just like, that's its own thing, it's discipline and then any excuse at work, you just go, well, if I'm staying here all night, then I'm going to eat chicken and waffles because I deserve that and all that stuff.
I talked to Dino and he said that, you know, Dino Stamatopoulos friend and writer on your show, he said that you guys are ordering lots of gourmet food like every day.
We try, you know, Sony doesn't pay for coffee, they still pay for meals, so we really try to shiv them.
What's the average?
Puffer fish again or whatever. You having fugu? Yeah. Anyways, and every Friday is wings Friday, I get hot wings for everybody. That's actually out of pocket. I don't know why.
What a great opening to the show. We're just talking about being fat and eating. There's some corrections in order, somebody tweeted me to let us know that the internet was developed for scientific purposes, not military, so I guess that's the one thing we got wrong last week.
The only thing we've ever gotten wrong. Yeah. For all of you, history buffs using our show as some kind of archive or you aliens digging this up and putting it into your factoids about Earth, yeah, we don't know what we're doing here.
We just drop into a pool and we reach for a laugh. What's the difference between scientific pursuits and military? Don't military people constantly think that they're being scientific?
I feel like anytime anything beautiful is developed or invented, the military finds an awesome way to turn that into a way to kill people.
And yet not the internet. They couldn't figure it out. Isn't that great? They can kill you with the internet.
Well, now they can use it to enslave you. But it's kind of beautiful that they didn't see it coming and figure out a way to roll it out in a way that we enslaved ourselves with the internet. Nobody pulled a sheet off of it and said, here's how it works and this is the only way you can use it.
You have to have a six on your forehead in order to log into this level and you have orange clearance here. It just kind of evolved organically and we found out something from the internet which is that we all want to be idiots.
We don't want to topple the power structures. We like Twinkies. We like YouTube.
It's willful surrender to control. The book We by Zamiat and I was the first, people have read that before?
Yeah. It's like proto sci-fi. It's the only book written in the future and people very willfully submit to control.
Well, when you have a society that's high on the hog, it's that whole bread and circuses thing. That's where the Coliseum comes from. Just give us entertainment in exchange for all this power and wealth that we all have.
Like America, we're very self-loathing lately about our economy but we still are not eating our own feet. There's still more food in the garbage than there is available and we need a lot of entertainment and stuff, a lot of distraction.
This show's kicked off in a very cheery note. I think it bodes well.
Well, further from the corrections department, when we brought up Glenn who brought the earth shine, he wrote us a very nice letter, gave us some more earth shine. I'm going to stay off of it.
And my earth shine, for those of you who don't know, it's high quality moonshine. I'm certain that we're all going to jail for some sort of federal crime.
He typically uses it for his absinthe, but it's an ingredient of his absinthe. Her absinthe, that's what the correction is.
Wait, what?
We have a lot of transgender Harmontown fans.
How many?
Three is a lot. It's a very peculiar state to be in transgender. Three is a crowd.
Is Glenn here?
Glenn is not here, Glenn slash Jane, who he wanted to, he said, she said that when she came up,
I know what it's like to be dead.
I asked, what's your name? And she blurted out Glenn, force of habit, wanted to send a letter of, among other things, saying like, by the way,
so that people don't get confused on the internet where he is very much out of the transgen closet and things, as Jane spelled G-A-N-N-E rhymes with plain.
That's the thing that kills me, Jane. You're transgender, but not enough complexity for you.
Your name is Jane, spelled G-A-N-N-E, just in case anybody got through the transgender gauntlet without being alarmed or confused.
Did she or he, how do I address he or her? He or she?
I think the whole idea is that they identify as a female, and so the pronoun you use is she.
Because Glenn could be a female name as well.
I suppose anything could be, but she has assumed a new angle of identity? I don't know.
It's a new emergent thing. It's exciting. I'm actually very excited.
Why do our transgender fans come here and male attire?
Because they're not transvestites. They are not necessarily...
I don't know anything about this.
What's funny is that half of the people you brought Levi up and he started talking about his thing.
You could hear people in our L.A. audience going...
He's being closed-minded about describing himself as transgender because he said he wanted to...
He's okay having a mustache because he doesn't have a uterus and you could hear people going...
Glass ceiling.
Whatever. He said something that wasn't the exact way that other people understand transgender to be.
Transgenderism, I don't even know what to call it, but I am very flattered that...
Because I don't think you could get more fringe psychologically. Is that politically incorrect to say?
I don't think you could be more complex on the inside of a human head compared to what's going on outside your body, in other words.
As far as somebody that you would look at in line at the bank and not be immediately presented with something that registered with you...
You couldn't have more noodles going on up there. More twists and turns.
More reasons to be distrustful of the people around you.
More suspicion, more fear that somebody might bully you for answering questions about yourself or expressing yourself.
So I'm very, very flattered. I take that as a barometer of our good work here and my good philosophy and religion.
Any person in that situation would listen to our podcast and feel comfortable expressing that.
Is anybody else here a transgender that we don't know about? Have we met all of them or are there more lurking about?
I think they all are. They're just more afraid to say it.
There's a couple of trans-scientologists. People who identify as a Scientologist but they're not Scientologists.
They want to be called Scientologists because they feel like a Scientologist but they're not going to pay for that class.
I'm not being like flippant. You can identify as a woman, look like a man, not want to dress like a woman.
Just inside you're a woman but dress like a guy.
Is that someone not following through with it or is that somebody saying, I just am a woman and I'll still dress like a guy named Tony?
I think it's just breaking it up into different strata. You can stop there if you want.
That's a thing and then there's people that are in that situation that therefore want to...
I don't know if there's a different language for it. They take steps medically, hormones and stuff.
Transition.
They transition. Our friend...
I heard it said a long time ago that very few people would be completely heterosexual if it was a sliding scale from 0 to 100
or from left to right that people's sexuality tends to be somewhere along a sliding scale
that nobody is completely masculine or completely feminine.
Where do you feel you fall on the scale, Dan?
How close to totally masculine or toward the middle to the nether regions?
I think Mark Rufalo is a real charming piece of...
I wouldn't mind if he pulled up on his motorbike and showed me at a garden.
I could surrender to...
Sexually speaking, sexually, I've never even had the time or energy to examine where in the spectrum between hetero and homo I would fall
because there's too much going on in the hetero side with me and my various kinks and things.
I'm sort of caught between hetero and asexual.
I feel like some weird shit happened to me when I was a kid involving maybe hanging out under the table
while 70s pantyhose clad women hung out.
There's some kind of leg fetish thing that I almost feel is like I really fully clothed women.
It's very strange.
There are things that I consume as pornography that you would not consider pornography.
Let's just say for Thanksgiving, I invited Mark Rufalo over and he was wearing nice trousers.
Let's say that you dropped your napkin under the table and you saw that Mark Rufalo was wearing kind of a high heel.
No, I like the feminine leg.
Have you seen Mark Rufalo's leg?
Well, if he could pass, there's guys on YouTube that do that.
You're clicking around, you're like, here's what peels my banana, legs and tights.
You find something and it's like, oh, wow, that's pretty good.
And then the conversation was like, dude, guy, guy, dude.
And you're like, oh, god damn it.
You got me, Michael.
You know, you have to look closely for that Adam's apple right on the back of the calf.
I didn't know that.
What is shoe play?
Shoe play is dangling, dipping, heel popping.
Those are the three subtypes of shoe play.
I'm glad you asked.
Dan, would you please elicit the difference between dangling and dipping?
Dangling and dipping, dangling is a leg crossed shoe hanging off the tail, you know.
Sexy secretary librarian or something like, you know.
And is the whole woman in frame or just a leg?
Just a leg is fine with this old timer.
We have a colloquy here.
How many other people are into dangling and dipping?
I dated a shoe fetishist.
You dated a shoe fetishist?
Yeah.
And so did you dangling, dipping, popping, the whole speed squad and the flip flap?
I know the vernacular with it.
Dangling, dipping, heel popping.
Okay, so what's dipping?
What is dipping?
Dipping is like a shoe on the floor as far as I understand it.
Do you have my heels on right now?
Yeah.
Can you dangling and dip for us up there?
They're like, let's walk around to the stage.
Well, it's an audio podcast.
Yeah, but I don't think she's going to be able to dip with those shoes.
Yeah, yeah.
If you're dipping into the shoe.
Just imagine like a loose or like a high heel shoe or like a flat or something that had
like easy, like you can get your foot in and out of it.
So dipping is like the woman is like in and out, you know, like kind of.
Do you want the shoe?
I don't.
It's an audio podcast and also I'm getting weirdly like.
Yeah.
This is making me nervous.
Lauren, right?
Yeah.
Lauren from the front row came up and offered to dip and dangle and dingle and screebscrab.
I went for the second row.
I just offered up a shoe.
I just produced a high heel.
Yeah, we're getting to the city limits of where Eric's not going to be very happy.
Get the shoe up here.
Fuck it.
Let's do this.
I want to know about dangles and dips and scoops and screebs and the whole flim flim.
What's your name, madam?
Annie.
This is a weird choice for a podcast to make.
I'm just, I'm worried as a producer, like what are we, what are people listening to?
We're bringing women up on stage.
And also just so Aaron knows, I'm not like Howard Sterninger or anything.
I'm not, I'm not, I'm not even going to look or anything.
Like Aaron, if you're listening, like I'm not, this is not like, I'm not, I'm not being like
any Kaufman wrestling with women or anything.
Aaron, if you're listening, Dan has his pants down already.
This is very, that's very important to me.
I wouldn't, I wouldn't tolerate the equivalent with Aaron, you know?
Yeah, yeah.
I was, I was a little upset when she was fucking around with that cat shirt guy.
Wait a minute, the cat shirt guy.
Okay, fuck it.
No, no, no.
Anyways, okay.
Okay.
What's your name, ma'am?
Annie, Annie.
Annie's dangling right now.
Okay, so I, I, I, I, I, I, she was dangling from her toe.
That's a dangle.
That's very difficult to do, actually.
All right.
Yeah.
Okay, now, now give us some dipping, Annie.
Okay, so what's, what's dipping?
Dipping is, you'd have to stand up and then, then you're.
Say you're, pretend you're checking somebody into a hotel and you're working with a computer
and you're kind of absent-mindedly like, yeah.
That's dipping.
All right.
Although, although now I'm wondering what, what heel popping actually is because that,
that involves a.
I thought this was heel popping where it's like where you've got the, like.
No, that's, that's Nancy Drew.
Where the heel pops out of it.
I can't do it in these shoes.
Then how is that different?
I'm so confused.
But it's where your heel sort of pops out.
Okay.
Somehow, somehow I'm still not turned on.
I don't understand.
Not because you're not beautiful in that, in sexy, in sexy way.
I don't know why this isn't doing anything for you.
I've never got the feet thing.
I mean, I, I like feet.
I'm not, I'm not averse to feet.
I've never, I've never seen the allure of.
Oh, I know what heel popping is.
I just realized.
It's, heel popping is the precursor to a dangle because you can't, you can't dangle unless
you, unless you pop the heel.
But the heel popping enthusiasts just want to see that popping of the heel over and over
again.
I just want to see this moment.
Yeah.
That moment there.
Back on and off and on.
But as far as I've been told, once you pop, you can't stop.
All right.
Come on.
Let's, let's thank these ladies.
All right.
Sit the fuck down.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
You want to, you want to welcome us into this world?
What are you doing?
You got, you've got people up on stage showing us shoe things.
Our job is not to care about the listeners.
It's our job to reward the live audience, then.
All right.
Start the laser show.
Whoa.
Too soon.
Oh, interesting tag on the Jimmy Kimmel situation visually.
Huh.
I never thought about that laid out in that diagram.
Oh, that brings it all together again.
Good night, folks.
Dan, for the listener, describe the Jimmy Kimmel situation for us.
Well, you're asking as a joke because you think I improvised
the words Jimmy Kimmel situation, but there is one.
There was one, I don't know.
I feel like I'm part of the problem saying there was one.
There was just the tabloid streak.
Jimmy Kimmel did a segment that was sort of like kids say the darndest things.
He was having kids talk about how to handle the various world crises,
one of them being America's trillion-dollar debt to Japan, or to China.
And one of the kids kind of half through a chuckle and little kid flustery thing said,
like, I don't know, maybe we should kill all the people in China.
And Jimmy was like, ah, that's an interesting answer.
I don't know, moving on.
Flash cut two headlines saying, like, you know,
White House apologizes to China for the, you know, genocide jokes on the thing.
Asian Americans in comment section saying, ah, that's a funny joke.
How about this one? Let's kill all the Jews.
No comment on any of this. I'm out.
All I can say is I don't care what you find funny.
I don't care what any of us think are funny.
I don't care about the empirical definitions of humor, but I just got one question.
Are we going to be fucking cone heads?
What are we going to do?
What is this world going to look like in 2070?
Do we really think we're going to achieve some world where everyone just kind of quietly glides around
and someone, like, emits a proton and it's the equivalent of a fart?
And everyone, like, titters?
Do you really think that once a noose starts tightening, it ever gets loose?
Linguistically, verbally, socially?
Do you really have you ever experienced anything that indicated to you that once people started introducing the concept of limitation,
anything ever got more liberated?
I know we all think that we are advanced because they didn't have the Seinfeld masturbation episode in Victorian England,
but there's another way of looking at this.
We are becoming insects.
We are envying everything that ants have and not embracing anything that primates have.
And we are just looking so forward to the day when we have a hive mind and we just barf trophallaxis into each other's mouths
and that you can tell from the chemical where you've been and where you're going.
And we just love it. We can't wait.
We're just sanding down the little bumps and edges.
We're just taking so much glee in it, too. That's the weird thing.
There's a primatological glee taking a gazelle femur and smashing a racist joke's head.
That's a racist joke. A racist.
And it's like you're emitting a pheromone.
You're getting flushed and excited by bashing the world around you,
trying to round up all the little anomalies and get all the air bubbles out of the waterbed mattress.
This finish line that you think you're headed towards, I feel like I can see it at 40.
I feel like I know it's not going to be that fun.
Yeah, we're very willfully and kind of gleefully sacrificing liberty for security.
We're not getting any smarter. That's the thing.
None of these people that are learning how to be offended know where Guatemala is on a map.
But the thing is, someone's going to go online after the show when they hear this
and go on a forum and say, we are getting smarter, man.
Life is evolution, Jack. Everything is getting better.
I was saying that the English language, and I would say all languages are probably degrading
because we're all truncating language, and people say, no, it's not.
Language is always evolving. I fucking disagree with that.
I think that language, the English language is a huge language, and we don't use any of the words.
Instead of having five words that mean one thing, we now use one word to mean 11 things.
That's not the growth of the language. That is the shrinking of the language.
And if anyone wants to go online with me and have a conversation about that, I'd love to.
I don't think that we're evolving at all with technology.
It's not just me being grumpy, old man. I really do think that the language dies every time.
People say, oh, what's the fucking word that people use?
Awesome sauce.
Awesome sauce. Amazeballs.
Amazeballs?
No, I will stand by amazeballs because that's...
Amazeballs is a new way to save it.
There's something like 180 synonyms for the word nice, and we use nice for 180 of them,
because we don't know all the fucking words anymore.
Oh, what's that? He was...
What's that? Not chastity. What's the fucking word?
Redicent.
Redicent. I was redicent to do that.
No, you were reluctant to do that. Redicent doesn't mean reluctant.
Now it does. We've made redicent mean reluctant because we've misused it for so long,
that the dictionaries have just said, fuck it. Now it means reluctant.
And that's not the growth of a language. That's a language dying a little bit
because redicent is a better word than...
We don't need two words to say reluctant.
I love this great show. We went from Uncle Creepy's foot fetish corner
to grandpa Grumpy's vocabulary police.
Fucking...
Also, the dictionary in your iPhone sucks.
Don't use that dictionary.
Have a fucking real Miriam Webster, giant OED.
Have a big motherfucking dictionary with you at all times and use it.
The iPhone dictionary is as good as fucking Google Weather.
Google Weather says it's 73. It's fucking 45 now.
They don't know. Don't trust your iPhone for fuck...
Although today I was experimenting with Siri,
and she's quite funny if you say dirty things to her.
Oh yeah, you can have a good time in bed just hanging out.
Aaron and I, we talked to Siri and get Siri to talk to the other Siri.
I'll say to Siri, why don't you go fuck yourself,
and then she'll turn on her Siri and then Siri's response,
which will be something like, oh, I think you should watch your language,
and then Siri will say to Siri,
I'm sorry, would you like me to look that up on the internet?
How do you like it, bitch?
I blush if I could.
I turned mine on in Italian. Have you tried the Italian lady?
No.
Talk to her.
There's my fetish.
Siri, dove il ristorante.
It's fucking good.
It's very sexy.
All right, we have a guest here.
Did you know that Feral Audio is a whole network, Jeff?
You gotta be shitting me.
I thought we were the only thing on Feral Audio.
No, no.
We're part of a fucking union of brothers and sisters.
Well, that sounds like bullshit.
Who represent the cutting edge of unpaid comedy types.
And here's another member of our family, Mr. Brody Stevens.
Yeah!
You know, thank you for having me here, Dan and Jeffrey.
I am wearing a hat.
I just flew in from Toronto,
and I was able to wear kind of a knit cap thing.
It was cold there.
Yeah.
So I was bringing the energy of Toronto with me here to Meltdown.
What's the Toronto scene like?
Is it like a Seattle in the north?
You know, you would think so.
From the hat.
I mean, well, there you go.
Well, it was cold.
I mean, I would say it's like more...
I mean, it's like Buffalo.
Obviously, it's near.
It's near.
They share the Niagara Falls.
I learned about that.
I've been to Vancouver, but I've been to Toronto a couple of times.
It's like America, you know?
I was doing shows last night, and I think they are...
It's just a little...
It's a little different up there.
You know, it's like, it is America,
but it's not right there.
I like Canadian comedy audiences.
I think Canadians have an awesome sense of humor.
I think they're quite game, especially...
I'm not ripping Canada.
Brody, you were fucking shitting all over Canada.
Let's be honest about...
Last night, I was doing a show in an underground pot club.
What?
It's a comedy club.
There's like six clubs up there where they smoke pot.
They do shows.
Underground meaning not legitimate?
Like secret?
Kind of, yeah, but the cops let it go,
but they have a big comedy scene up there for that in Toronto.
So I was doing a show last night, and they're smoking pot in there,
and I've done shows where they smoke pot at the ice house.
I've been there.
I know we're a podcast live audience.
I'm going to focus more on the podcast.
Oh, good.
That's my thing.
Well, I think they were left out of their foot fetish stuff.
Oh, okay.
I don't really have a foot fetish.
I mean, I have one time I did something with a sock, I think, one time,
a girl's sock.
I don't know, the foot, and the tree, and the tree of foot fetishes,
like, because I'm a heavy duty leg man, and kind of, and like a nylon guy,
and because the leg terminates at this beautiful part of the,
the equally feminine part of the feminine leg.
You love legs, and you love terminus.
But there's a, then there's a branch of the whole,
like the foot, when you say foot fetish, it gets into like,
I want someone to walk in chocolate, and then walk on my face,
and masturbate me with their toes, and I'm going to eat the toes,
and you put the other toe in the butt and stuff.
And I'm not that focused on the foot.
It's just like the foot is a beautiful little period on the sentence
that is a woman's leg.
I got called out for looking at a girl's foot in ninth grade.
I remember it vividly.
I grew up here in the valley, San Fernando Valley,
and she was like, you know, in 80s.
I'm not going to say like a stoner's chick, but she smoked cigarettes,
and I remember I was like looking at her feet.
She was like, why are you looking at my feet?
And I was just like, just into it.
I was really, I don't think I need the dipped in chocolate.
I like looking at them.
I would do what you said with the feet on the penis.
I'm okay with that.
When I was in high school, like late high school and early college,
my friend Chris, he would have these parties,
and his father was a sheriff.
And they were awesome because they were,
we went into the parents' room one time,
and there was tons of bondage gear,
like lots of fucking chains and whips and strap-ons
and all kinds of good, like get it on kind of shit.
Between, you know, like late 40s husband and wife,
they didn't care that we would have these parties
and everybody would get naked in their jacuzzi
and everybody would suck each other's toes.
Shrimp jobs, shrimpin'?
Shrimp, shrimp, shrimp jobs.
We called it shrimp jobs.
Which made the unsexy even less sexy.
But we would all suck each other's toes,
and it was good fun.
Because in the jacuzzi,
you're all boiled up, you know.
All the pathogens have been sucked up.
If you're gonna suck a toe, you should,
that would be the spot to do it.
A pool of hot water would be a good place to get started,
I think.
When you're looking at feats on the internet,
like what is the...
What's going on through your mind?
What's the fantasy that's happening?
You know, I'm looking and I just like,
it doesn't go beyond that.
A fetish is like, it's like the object itself
is like this thing that's more important than anything
and it's a really interesting question
because I think that's part of what makes me,
you know, potentially asexual sometimes.
My behavior.
Like if I'm working and I'm too busy
and then I'm so, I'm like,
okay, I'm gonna gratify myself
because, you know,
well, a nice excuse is,
hey, who wants to get prostate cancer?
You gotta come constantly, right?
That's true.
Is that true?
Yeah, they got Ernest Borgnine.
I think he recently passed maybe,
but he was like 95, he was on Kona
and he said he masturbated like all the time every day
and that's what led him to be happy and live that long.
You guys remember that a couple years ago?
Thank you. Thank you.
You guys?
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
We're all gonna live forever then.
Last night in Toronto, they wouldn't have agreed,
they would have just left me out there hanging.
Canadian audiences are a little more laid back.
Yeah.
They're not responsive.
Well, they were also super high.
It was an apartment.
Also, in Toronto, they have the street meat.
They have those fucking carts with the hot dogs and stuff
and it's quite good.
Oh yeah, I had Schwarma last night
and I love Zanku.
It's right up the street.
I go there all the time.
I'm a proud member of the Zanku Army.
But I went to a place,
I mean, it said it was a falafel king.
It looked like a chain thing, but it wasn't
and I went in there and they were just very nice
and I had a chicken tiki marsala or something like that.
It was good.
I said it was better than Zanku
and I hate to say that.
So Toronto is multicultural.
It's great.
People get along.
I grew up here in Los Angeles.
People don't get along.
I lived in New York.
People actually get along in New York.
You have to.
You're together.
I grew up here.
Valley, busing.
I've been all around.
And you were talking about, you know, asexuality
and things of that.
If you do listen to my podcast, maybe nine months ago,
I did come out on my podcast.
I am 10% gay.
And 52%.
Thank you.
I mean, I went to Bangkok and I pushed it to the limit.
You were talking about strap-ons and Adam's apples.
I got pulled into the night of Bangkok and I went there.
Well, let's be more specific, Brody.
I can't be too.
Well, you know what?
I think the more I talk about it, the more comfortable I'll get with it
and I can really chisel down that story for my one lady boy.
I mean, my one-man show.
Wait, you had a lady boy encounter in Bangkok?
You know what?
Yeah.
I'm going to own up to it.
Yes.
Good for you.
Three people applauding me.
Everyone else, gay bad.
10% gay bashing.
But I only call the Bangkok experience because we all go there.
If you ask, that is almost accepted over there.
So I count that.
It's like a 4%.
Now, did you go out in search of a lady boy experience
or did the lady boy find you by accident?
Well, you go, you hang out.
I was over there working on a project and you hang out and you go.
It's a very, you know, it's just, it's a nice culture.
They're very outgoing, massage and haircut late at night, all that stuff.
Like, it's a good vibe.
So you go to these clubs.
I could go for a late night haircut.
And then a hand job from a guy named Kim.
No.
Oh, it's funny.
You know, funny you should, I'll tell you about that off camera.
I should say Kim, but I'll get back to that.
Why is that?
Well, I, it's a code word for something that I know.
I'll tell you off camera.
Off mic.
Look, if you're coming onto me, just fucking get it out.
No, I'm not, I know I'm not gay like that.
See, see, it's not that way.
They're talking about, do I see a guy like whoever you're talking about,
like, oh, he's got great legs and great chest.
And I want to, I want to kiss his, his thick, his beard.
No, I'm not into that.
All right.
So that's not what a lady boy is.
Thank you.
Because they take hormones.
Now, so I went over there to see.
All right.
And I, and I, I walk around, I see my mannerisms.
You know, I got picked on a lot because I was a nice guy,
like I'm a happy guy and kids are cruel.
And I grew up here in the valley, a Jewish kid.
I should have been sheltered by the Hebrew school.
You sound like you're from Chicago.
How'd you get that?
Well, I was in Toronto over the weekend.
I think that Chicago, I think the Chicago jet stream.
You don't, you don't sound like you were raised in California.
I know.
I've heard that a lot.
I grew up in the valley.
I think as I'm kind of nasally, I always would get New York.
New York City.
I lived in Brooklyn for three years.
Williamsburg, L train before it got hip.
I was there three years in Seattle.
Okay.
Sorry, Jeff.
So you're fucking this lady boy.
I'm the one, you know what?
I'll tell you what, if I did that, that ain't so bad.
That ain't so bad.
I watched locked up raw.
It ain't that bad.
Nobody in Harmontown is going to judge you.
Yeah.
Well, I feel like first three.
Those are what?
No, no, no.
But you know hard that it, I mean, it, it's, I'm okay with it.
And then I'll tell you what, I came back to the mainland.
And I went a little further just to see, just to see that line
and maybe go over it.
What, what, what did that entail?
Uh, there was a hotel in Hollywood and, um, free shout.
Doesn't it people?
No.
Free shout.
Brody, nobody.
This is why people stay in the closet.
Brody.
I'm only, I'm 10% gay.
It's scary.
Brody, you're, you're, you're 50% gay.
No, I'm not, Jeff.
How dare you?
Brody.
These, this audience is so, it's so, it's so accustomed to hearing so much worse and
so much more bizarre.
Well, thank you.
Well, you know, I'm, I played baseball.
I just feel like it's going to come back.
It's okay to be gay.
It's okay to be gay, Brody.
I'm, I'm saying it's okay, but I'm, I told you, I'm not into hand holding.
I, uh, I am into, I'm into human love.
That's good.
So what happened to the hotel?
You know, well, Kim, excuse me, um, Kim, AK, I can't give the name away, but you know
what?
I'll tell you what, the TS community, I'm, I'm very active in the TS community.
What's TS?
Transsexual.
Oh.
And, um, when you say act, when you say active in the community, what do you mean?
I just like, I just like saying that, um, because you know what, it's very popular.
If you were to go, uh, back in the day, my friends ran, uh, taboo video up in Seattle,
which was the number one, uh, grossing adult video store in Seattle.
Just right before DVDs started coming out and the number one, and probably to this day,
if you ask the guys, you still make it the number one, it's, it's, it's TS stuff.
That's the number one thing for whatever reason.
Does that mean like chicks with dicks?
Is that?
Yeah.
That's what it is because you see a, you see a breast and you're into that and you're
into this face and the hair, they look good.
They're, they're like, there's no problems.
And then you go, isn't it girl?
I don't know.
I'm in Bangkok.
It's something got shaved down.
Uh, is this, you got to like, it's the sixties all over again, just, and you got, it's rock
and roll.
I'm a comedian.
I felt like I had to kind of do that to share that story with you as a, as a guy who wants
to move on and don't.
Don't bring us into it.
It was.
Oh yeah.
I mean, I, no, it's like, you, you're, you're following some sort of, uh, like trail.
Like you're, you're certainly going down some sort of road.
I think that as you age and as you, like, as you progress, like your fetishes do kind
of start meandering towards like, like more specific things, like, wouldn't you say?
Yeah.
I mean, but today I was in Starbucks and I was sitting there and I, I mean, I saw a girl
like with a nice, uh, butt and I just wanted to put my face in it and I confirmed to me
right there.
I'm not who, what gay guy wants to put his face in a girl's butt.
I did.
That just confirmed him.
There's my 90%.
We didn't say that you were gay.
I am 10%.
I will stick with that.
I'm going to put it at 48.
Are you?
I mean, 48.
48.
Is this a new segment?
It's like, like, like guessing someone's weight, like you're going to, are you going
to work in a carnival and just dance with dance only at 22?
Okay.
I mean, the percentage thing is, is it raises interesting questions because how do you go
because like it all has to do with the amount of repression in the, in the society that
you're in the context of?
Because if you're in a society that for instance views sexual preference as a binary dichotomy,
then that puts a lot of significance on whether, and the difference between 49 and 50%.
Because that, I, I, I'm assuming just being sort of a computer programmer of old.
Like, like, like, like there's a, but, but if you're living in a genuinely, if you're
living in an open field after some kind of nuclear holocaust and everyone's just running
around in deerskin togas and, and using bottle caps for money and, and there's no more, like,
like, you know, there's no more magazine covers or search billboards to, to kind of drive
home anything, then, then the difference between 20% and 30% is what?
I mean, we don't even, yeah.
I will definitely agree.
Like what in the world would be, what would be the meaning of 100% heterosexual?
I think so, whatever that would manifest itself as would certainly appear, I would, I would
imagine to be less straight than what we consider straight.
I mean, we don't, we don't want, nobody likes anybody that's, that's overtly masculine
or we don't like people that are overtly feminine.
We don't like a, she's like, she's being such a, like a girl right now or a guy who's
being such a guy.
I'm a damn fucking dude, chicken wings, fuck, yeah, like, we don't like that and we don't
like, oh my God, go to the mall, shopping, we don't, we don't like that either.
And so we also, we don't like, I mean, I won't say we, I'll say I, like, when you meet a
gay, when you meet a gay guy, let's say, and he's really queenie, that wears you out pretty
quickly.
It's like, enough with the femininity thing, like, like, temper that a little bit, like,
the more towards the middle you get, the more complete of a person you become, we, we don't
want to see a really butch lesbian, like, how about be a woman too, while you're being
a man, like, like, a little bit, like, lean towards the middle, and I would say towards
all things, like, like, see both sides of everything and, like, and, and, and, and, like,
kind of combine the beauty that is masculinity and the beauty that is femininity.
Well, that's what I'm saying, look at the, if you, so, I, I think nature goes in bell
curves.
Like, I, I, I think that's a, I mean, that's probably pinning things in too much too, but
that's an easier way to understand things, that, that, uh, if you, if a frog lays a thousand
eggs, then you're gonna look at, like, there's a, there's a, there's a bulge in the center
of the survival eggs, you know, and then there's fringe eggs that don't survive for one reason
and fringe eggs that don't survive for another reason.
They're every, everything goes in a bell, a bell curve, so, so, I, I, I accuse, there's
a bunch, there's not a lot of incredibly stupid people, there's a bunch of people in the middle
that are running everything, and, uh, and then there's not a lot of incredibly smart
people who are, you know, all here tonight, uh, uh, but sexually, so sexually, give yourself
a round of applause for being very smart.
If you think of sexuality as a bell curve, then I would assume, like, I think what you're
saying to, that, that, that a hundred percent straight means actually some kind of weird
inside-out, weird thing where you're so straight, you're not even human, because, because the
bell curve would probably be, well, if I put my penis through a hole and I don't know what's
sucking it, and then later I find out it was my friend Kevin, uh, uh, in other words,
two percent.
I mean, I, I, I, I imagine that those of us in the middle are people whose sexuality
doesn't define us so much that it prevents us from doing other things, the same way that
a, uh, incredibly sober person whose sobriety defines every conversation they have is just
as annoying as a fall-down drunk, who you can't, you can't trust to.
Yeah, and, and there's nothing more, uh, fascist than a hippie, like, like, like a really hardcore
hippie can be the most fascistic, most dogmatic asshole that you'll ever talk to.
Yeah.
Like, temper it a little bit, like, like, see both sides of it.
It's hilarious, like, in NASCAR, uh, once in a while for breast cancer awareness, they'll
paint one car pink, and there's people that are really bummed out about it.
That's like, oh, pink car, God, dude, like, like, I'm not a man anymore, I'm like, I can't
look at a pink car going a circle, like, I'm like, hey, hey, um, if, if you could like
the color pink a little more, you'd fuck your wife a little better and fucking take it
easy.
Yeah, I were polarized gray bands.
Every white car is pink.
You're back down to 10% again.
There you go, back down.
Are you sure you didn't wash your white car with a pink bicycle?
A red, oh, she had a red bicycle.
God damn it, I fucked up.
You guys are talking about, uh, feet, no, the language, I'm with you on that, on language,
I want to go on a whole thing on that.
I mean, Jeff goes on these tears, like, uh, he's a real HL Mankin, like, like, really
thinks that everyone should be, you know, going about talking like a steampunk person,
otherwise that means that we're regressing.
We should use our, the English language is one of the most expansive vocabularies of
all time.
One of the biggest vocabularies I've ever made, and we don't fucking use it.
I'd like to use it more, huh?
I'd like to use it more, yeah, absolutely, but, but, but I will, I, so, so I think where
I agree with Jeff is that, is that there's a danger in, uh, in, in getting trained by
media and, uh, in each other that everything is either awesome or lame, because if there's
no more words for different kinds of awesome, like, like, yeah, you're getting trained to
choose between Pepsi and Coke, you know, they're fooling you into not realizing that there's
a difference between corn syrup and water.
So linguistically, we need to think outside the box, but that is exactly why I bristle
and freak out, get very uncomfortable when people campaign and parade and things in celebration
of just scrubbing out those couple little words.
Yeah, because it's like, it doesn't, it's, you don't even see where that stops.
You just, you think that you, you, when you, when you don't make up words for a living,
like, maybe it's harder to see how you can't just point at something across on the other
side of the room and go, I want that potted plant out of here.
Now the apartment's going to be perfect.
It, it, you know, it's, it, that's not how it works.
Like you're, you're free or you're not, you, you, you come out of the womb with the freedom
of speech.
The constitution gets drafted up by some lawyers and says, you have freedom of speech.
Next thing that happens is, unless you say fire in a crowded theater, next thing that
happens is unless you say this thing and that thing, we can all agree that this would be
a terrible thing to say.
Yes.
Okay.
All in favor of eliminating it.
I, I, I, this, this, this, we, we, whatever, man.
This is why, what a boring conversation.
It's not boring.
I'm right there with you.
But it's, it's, it's the same thing.
We're talking about the, a binary idea that there's, that there's goodness bad, there's
Pepsi, there's coke, there's straight or there's gay.
I don't like non-lateral thinking, but, but here's the thing.
Yeah.
I don't, I also don't like people that aren't verbal thinkers necessarily who think that
they shouldn't speak because they don't have the same kind of word power.
You know, I don't like those people feeling censored by smart people.
I don't, I don't, I don't like people being bullied because they don't know how to use
an apostrophe.
I don't like, I don't, I don't, I don't think that someone who speaks great truths is necessarily
going to be the most articulate person in the world.
I think that the use of seven words, if there's only seven, can, there's, we can still create
a revolution and, and, and, you know, like you, we could, someone can use those seven
words in an order that's going to make everybody flip over.
There's a way to speak wrong so well that you're, that you're amazing.
Like Yogi Berra, like, like if you go online and look, look, look, look up Yogi Berra quotes.
He malaproped all the time and malapropism is a Shakespeare character, malaprop.
And he constantly said things wrong and it was using the language perfectly and you can't
tell at some point.
Did he, did he say it wrong on purpose or by accident?
But because he said something really, really funny, really, really, really good.
I was going to tie this in.
I, I played baseball at Arizona State, number one, played there, starred at.
What position?
I was a pitcher.
I, I, I could see you as a pitcher.
Thank you.
Nine girls.
I think you're 10% catcher.
Okay.
All right.
Come on.
We, we, we might have the name of our episode.
Are we all 10% catcher at some point?
So I play.
So I think some of that comes from being in that jock world, not being in that, uh, the
artist world.
I, I definitely have those jock energy and experiences and also my pre comedy experiences
to, you know, that really kind of like, I carry with me and not necessarily in a good
way.
And then sometimes I'll see myself on, like I'm working on a project also and I can go
into like how we argue over words and argue over comedy.
And then I think like, who are you, where's your, where's your, you know, I don't want
to go into like specifics here, but yeah, there's kind of debates and I feel like I don't, I
don't get that freedom.
That's one reason why I do podcasts because I get that freedom to talk and maybe it's
because I'm Jewish or I'm neurotic or there's heart disease in my family.
I got to get it out.
And when I don't, and it really is hard when it's your living or your own production and
it's your own, you know, introduction to America and it's truly not you getting to do that.
So I'm dealing with that and I think it's all a combination and a hybrid of everything.
You know, hopefully when I come out on the other side, I'll grow from it, but
Yeah, I don't know you very well, but like from what little I know, like, and just from
hearing it tonight, like you are, you're revealing stuff about yourself, but also you're hard
on yourself about it.
Yeah, a little bit.
So like it's almost like you're like, and not to overstate it, like it's almost like
you're kind of gay bashing yourself about a gay experience.
Like you're, you're, you're, you're saying, Hey, I did this thing and I'm not proud of
it.
I don't know.
But you're, you're well, I mean, growing up, I was called a gay boy.
You're Siri.
I was a nice guy, a nice kid, you know, now being nice, I think in Hollywood or whatever
we call this has helped me because people want nice people around, you know, and hustling
and hard work, which I got, you know, helped me in baseball.
But I think growing up, maybe in the valley at the time, going to public, going to public
schools, getting bused out to South Central, maybe it made me tougher.
I don't know.
And then playing baseball with like the necessarily a little bit of hazing and bullying.
It was kind of, yeah, like stuck with me.
And then when I started doing comedy, like, uh, opened up a lot, but now when I see myself
on TV, sometimes I can, I kind of see like, I would pick on myself.
Yeah.
And I don't know what that is.
I don't know where that comes from.
You know, you're on, you're on self loathing.
Yeah.
Well, it's probably something that, that we, we don't all see that it's something that
you train yourself to, but I've learned as I've learned, you know, especially lately,
like turn it into comedy, turn it into something uses a positive and I get a lot of support
from people.
Again, I'm older and, you know, Twitter and the internet and all that stuff.
Like it has helped me and doing the podcast is just like, there's a things like you seem
like, you seem like a very soft, like emotionally very soft guy, but you exude a very like
your voice, your posture is very like loud and like, like you seem very sportsy and
very like, like macho and gruff, but like you, you can still like, you can't totally
hide the fact that there's a softness to you, which is not gay.
It's just, it's just being soft and all, you know, but that's a negative, that's kind
of a negative term in sports.
If you're labeled as soft, you know what I mean?
We're not playing sports.
So I'm okay with that.
I am getting, I am getting used to that.
It's just some, maybe it's some of those jock sensibilities in me and the fact that I'm
still around that world a little bit.
I'm around Major League Baseball.
You certainly take taking a major step by talking about your lady boy experience.
Silence.
Well, you know, it is, I'm getting it out there and it's also just other things talking
about it, owning it and, you know, again, not being hard on myself and then, you know,
be, I don't want to, you just keep doing it.
And I think you just work through it and the fans and it's like, I don't need therapy
to be honest with you for me.
And I do speak loud.
I mean, I am, and that's one thing I do kind of like, I do the sensitivity because I am
a nice guy and I'll put it out and it's like, well, you're being loud.
You're this.
And it's like, professionally, I have learned like how to do warmup and I start off nice.
Okay, we're going to do this.
And then I crank it.
You know, I work at the midnight show with Chris Hardwick kind of thing and go in nice
and nice.
We don't want you to be quiet.
We want, we want you to be loud.
You want it?
Yeah.
Because there's a little audience and that's the, that's the, what I think about is like,
all right, I'm doing a podcast.
I've had some experiences when I've done video podcasts and like, I've played completely
to the camera and then people in the podcast feel like, oh, it's too much and I'm doing
a live show.
I can play to the audience and I feel like maybe the podcast, a lot of things going on.
But you know what?
I'm comfortable here with Dan, Jeff, Dustin and the, what's the fear, what's the fear,
I'm sorry to cut you off, like, what would be the big, we're talking about this, I think
last time about the way we're perceived or a couple of shows ago about, we all exude
something that we're not in control of, like Dan wants to be perceived as smart and also
people come to him and want, they want Dan to say that he's smart, like what do you want
people to see you as, or what are you afraid that people see in you that you wish they
didn't see?
Weird?
Weird how?
Just weird thinking about stuff that doesn't matter, you know, like, I mean, that's a whole
another thing.
I was asking.
What's the fear of being perceived as weird?
I don't want to be, it's like a Pandora's box, it's like you talk about it, you bring
attention to it, it's like, you know, things that we notice, I'm sure, you know, you're
an actor, you see yourself on TV, like some people can't watch themselves, Johnny Depp
doesn't watch his movies, Jared Leto freaked out, you know, I know that's there, you know,
that's normal, but it feels like it affects me a little bit more.
But you're doing a Comedy Central show now, right?
Are you?
Yeah, I'm doing that and some of that has seen myself on that.
My fear, like that's all I was thinking about, like my fear regarding that would be one weird,
so that's kind of.
You don't want people to think you're weird.
I don't mind it, but I don't want it to be a Pandora's box of weirdness, if we could
turn into a joke.
You mean they're going to find out you're weird in what way, like what's the, what's
the.
Ah, like obsessive about my eyebrows, weird about my hairline, my mannerisms, do I think
I'm gay, why do you even think you're, you know, that kind of stuff, okay.
And if you revealed all that, if you took off your hat and showed us your hair on your
eyebrows.
I'll do that, I'm in bold, I'm bold, it doesn't bother me, but I just felt cooler doing this
today.
Yeah.
And I was in Toronto.
But it's off?
It's off?
I'm hiding behind some stuff, the glasses kind of.
Oh, believe me, I hide behind a suit, I hide behind a weird hairdo all the time, like I
braid hair.
Well, thank you.
But like, it's all, it's all an act.
It's all affectation.
I hide behind my Aunt Rachel's beautiful pantyhose clad legs.
I just play with my matchbox cars, rolling them gently up and down our calves.
Is that where it comes from?
I feel like, I feel like researching that stuff that, did she have red hair?
I said, Oh, I don't know.
I had an aunt that had red hair that married into the family, but I know I was in the red
head since Nicole McHugh and kindergarten.
Who's Nicole McHugh?
Who wasn't she?
Nicole McHugh was the first girl that I ever felt hormones generated in my body about like,
I was kindergarten and the teachers would call your name and then she, every time the teacher
would call my name, she'd say Daniel Harmon, Nicole McHugh would go, and then every time
she'd say Nicole McHugh, I'd go, and we never spoke to each other, but she was my first
lover.
Well, that's one of the most beautiful relationships I've ever heard of.
And she had copper red curly hair and, yeah, but so did Batgirl, so I don't know where it
came from, you know, because Batgirl was like a huge, like a cork got popped there sexually.
I would get so excited, the opening credits of Batman, my brother would be like, you know,
my brother loved Batman and we would play Batman together, like, you know, we'd put
ski caps and stuff on the, on the banister to the basement and pretend it was the Bat
pole and like get dressed up as Bat, you know, like, like get to the bottom of the stairs
and go, I heard the Joker's broken out, let's go get him.
And then we'd watch Batman together and then like, there was a title card in the Batman
title sequence, because I now, now being a producer, I guess I know that like, it must
have meant that Von Craig was probably six of 13 or something like, like she was recurring
but not regular.
And so there was an opening title card that was either there or not there.
And it wasn't a picture of Batgirl, but it was always there when she was going to be
in the episode, I would say.
And so it's always Batgirl and I would, I would, my body would just twitch, even though
I was absolutely years and years away from generating any kind of fluid that would have
anything to do with that.
I was just like transfixed and I was so excited that Batgirl was going to be involved and that
she would be flying around, whipping her red wig around and kicking people and very often
getting like Batman, there was a lot of like, a lot of nylon or spandex or whatever and a
lot of like, bondage, a lot of like, which I'm not, I'm not a bondage guy, like, but
a lot of like, when I was a kid, like, it was a lot of like, like, I remember being
a kid of like, squeezing myself in between like, couch cushions and getting really excited
and thinking about Batgirl.
And then I saw Temple Grandin and she had the squeeze machine and I was wondering, was
it a sexual thing or was it like, I don't know, like, like, I used to like, get rolled
up like a sausage in a blanket and I couldn't move.
Do you think your sexuality is a moving target or do you think that you're slowly honing
in on a fixed target that's always been there?
Do you think it changes as you grow or do you think it's something that you've, it's
always been there, that you're just now getting better at finding?
No, I don't think I'm good at finding it.
I have fetishes and I think it are almost, as the name would suggest, they're almost
removed from proper sexuality.
I think that, I think that I fetishize things and then it's like, it removes me from sex.
Like my fetish for women's legs clad in a material that essentially removes the chaos
from them.
It turns them more into cartoons.
You know, it's all about removal and like, like fully clothed women just hanging out
and like, I'm just sitting there going, and I gratify myself and then I'm done.
You know, I did my little penis sneeze and I go, it's not, it's not romantic, it's not
sexual.
Stop having penis sneezes.
And then when you fall, you fall in love with a woman, you know, and then you welcome her
into your life and you like, like, like then the, during the courtship phase, like, there's
none of that going on because you love this person other than your sex life is involved
with theirs and the courting of them and stuff.
And then I go back to work and then all of a sudden I'm like, gollum again, like, regarding
this, you know, I'm just using like this fetish object to like, get through the day.
So to answer your question, I don't, I don't, I don't, I haven't been honing in on anything.
I think there's always been like this sort of childish asexual impulse that's like unhealthy.
It's like an outcropping of sexuality.
Maybe you just masturbate on your lunch break.
That would, uh, I often do, my friend.
There you go.
I mean, I've done, I've done in some strange places.
I do want to go back to this because you can see my little OCD working.
I just want to have closure on this one thing, talking about the show.
I don't want to think too weird, okay, too weird.
That's the jock guy in me, but weird is okay.
The gay stuff where it goes, I can't be involved in baseball, it's a very jock world.
It's conservative.
I've done a lot of stuff for baseball.
It's in my heart.
I would hate to be there and go, Oh, there's the guy who goes to Bangkok.
We can't have, I don't know.
I have some like nightmare, not a nightmare.
It's just a weird thought.
And the other thing is just like unfunny and not reflective of me.
Those are my fears.
Everything else I let go.
Like I'll go on, I'll be on a necrol show or I'll do Chelsea lately or I'll do, uh,
you know, a sky.
It's like go ahead and do it.
It's because my show is so, it's so personal and we talk about lady boy stuff.
We talk about 10% gay stuff and it's kind of not in my hands.
When I do it here or I do it on stage or at the comedy store or on a podcast, it's kind
of funny.
And I know I've gotten traction on it based on Twitter emails, but when you hand it over
to somebody else to do it and then you see what they do, it's like, uh, not your vision.
And then you have to kind of give notes based on their vision.
And then it's like, uh, not, it's like, it's like a C plus.
You know what I mean?
That's how I feel.
Now I could be, you know, being too hard on myself again, thinking worst case scenario,
but that's how I am.
And that's why I'm carrying this stress and I would probably guess that like what's funny
about you, what's like enjoyable, marketable, successful about you is the fact that we want
to watch you go through that struggle.
We want to watch a guy that throws like a, like a wicked slider or a fucking curve ball
and a fast ball and a breaking ball and all this stuff and also goes to Bangkok and might
have an encounter with a lady boy.
And also we don't want you to be like totally okay with that.
We want you, we want to watch you have to come home to your kitchenette and say, okay,
look, here's what happened in Thailand.
All right.
Now don't interrupt me.
Some stuff went down and I don't want you to judge me before I finish.
Okay.
Here's what happened.
Yeah.
It's almost like that.
Like a rebuttal.
That's what I would say.
Like just like a walking Brody or whatever they do after the shows.
I don't know.
Like just give me 30 minutes.
It'll be closure.
It's the little OCD.
The protagonist that you are is the struggle, like not to be like a pedant, but like brothers
Karamazov, there's two brothers, one's really idealistic, one's really realistic.
The middle brother, fuck, Dimitri, he is torn between those two things.
It's the struggle between, here's what I think I am.
Here's what I wish I were.
Here's what I know I am.
Here's how I'm perceived.
Here's how I don't want to be perceived.
We want to watch you fucking flip and flop like a fish out of water about being you,
being, what are you like, six, four?
How tall are you?
Six, two.
Two hundred and eleven pounds.
It doesn't take silly of Husky.
Exactly.
Look at that.
There's that part of you that is so macho and then the other part, like keep struggling
for our benefit.
I'm okay with that.
It's talks like this, Jeff.
It's like when I get that reassurance, like Brody, it's okay.
It's all right.
Because sometimes production wise, I don't want to complain, I was, you know, I just need
a little bit of hand holding sometimes, especially with the subject matter, you're dealing with
the guy who is a little on the edge.
So I went out on this tour, I was on this comedy tour, and it's like, sometimes I just
felt like it's hard to communicate on your own personal project via Vimeo and email.
And I mean, at least I felt like, let's verbalize something.
So it's tough.
It's a struggle.
I know that's how shows are done.
Hopefully, I'll get another chance.
I just don't want to have a heart attack.
I don't want to have our heart attack, and I don't want my, you know, Molotov cocktails
to my, to my one.
And one thing that we don't want out of you, we don't, we don't ever want you Brody Stevens
or anybody here in Harmontown, the one, the one thing that we all like agree on is we
don't, anyone to have to change themselves for anybody else.
But we also want everybody to like become the best version of themselves.
Just keep, keep being conflicted.
Like that's, that's really beautiful.
Really?
Yeah.
That's how you grow, right?
All right.
Good.
I'll take that.
Keep your fists in the air and keep being soft and hard at the same time.
It's, you're, you're a coin spinning on its edge.
It's great.
Okay.
I like, I could take that.
It's a good, it's a good metaphor.
I'll keep doing it.
I'm learning to deal with that exercise, meditation, podcasting.
I'm going to get through that.
Thank you.
Brody Stevens, everybody.
All right.
Listen to the Festival of Friends on Feral Friendship.
You got it.
Brody Stevens.
Thanks, Steve.
Thanks, Jeff.
Yeah.
That's how good you, you dismissed Brody right at 9-Eleven.
There's no such thing as accidents, man.
Well, it's the, it's the, it's the second worst thing that ever happened to this country.
Brody, Brody leaving the stage at 9-Eleven.
Wait, should we, should we have kept them up?
Should we just stay here?
Should we, should we keep them out here?
No, no, I wanted to, because I offered him in the green room, it was like, well, your
options are you could come up later and then you can play D&D with us because Aaron's not
here tonight.
But no, he wanted to actually, I think I brought him up too late and kept him here too long.
But let's get Kumail out here because he has, Jesus, hello, stranger, yes, Kumail, Nanjiani.
It's been a while, then it feels like it's been a long time.
I miss you so much.
I miss coming here a lot.
I really get bummed out every Sunday.
You're on stage every goddamn night of the week.
Every time I look, I open up the Instagrams or the Facebooks, so you're doing something.
No, actually, I haven't been performing on stage that much.
I really haven't.
I was, last night I was in New York and I performed there, but I really haven't been.
I haven't really been doing anything.
So you have other friends you like better than us in New York, is that what's going
on?
Oh, no, I just had a show.
No, I started shooting the HBO show, so I've had like 6 a.m. calls and stuff in one day,
so I go to bed at 8 p.m.
I'm like, my schedule's all fucked.
But you've been working like a dog.
Yeah.
You're all over the televisions.
Trying to be, yeah.
I love it.
I think the world needs a little more Kumail Nanjiani.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you.
What percent am I gay?
I'm 10% gay for you, I'll tell you that.
I'm 100% gay for you.
That makes you a regular person.
All right, wait, before we focus on Kumail, I want to get Kumail's, I just, response
to this.
I got this email, not because it involves you, but I just, I wanted you to be here for
this.
Great.
And Jeff in Harmontown.
This is, you know, I'm 40 years old and I came out to Los Angeles and I wanted to maybe
write some TV and some movies and things.
Maybe meet a nice girl, maybe get married, move into a big house, have a little golden
doodle.
I'm achieving a lot of my dreams, step by step, but there's one dream I didn't even
know.
I don't know what this is about.
I really had, until this email came in, God, I can't, I just, this is from Carl Nolay,
Jr., 11th generation distiller from the Nolay distillery.
On behalf of Kettle One, this is already, already the best email you've ever gotten.
We would like to invite you to become part of the Kettle One Alliance, an exclusive invite
only VIP program.
As one of the select few members, you will receive monthly Kettle One shipments, a dedicated
concierge service, and personal access to Kettle One experiences and opportunities.
I think you've had pretty much every Kettle One experience and opportunity that is to
be had.
By the way, an all expense paid funeral.
If you know what's crazy, you say the guy's name.
His signature is on this fucking bottle.
It's on the bow and word?
All right.
Nolay.
Right here.
Kettle One prides itself on being an ultra premium vodka that aligns with authentic
influential leaders like yourself.
We hope you enjoy the handcrafted bottle of Kettle One in clothes and look forward to
welcoming you as part of the family.
We are excited about the opportunity for you to represent the Kettle One Alliance.
Alliance!
It's in the way that you use it.
You're like in the Avengers of Booze.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's Sam Jackson like yelling at me.
Exactly.
You think you drink Kettle One motherfucker?
Yeah.
Exactly.
Get ready to drink more for the planet.
That segment brought to you by Fernet Broncker.
Fernet Broncker, the king of Italian Amari.
All right.
So, anyways, another thing.
That's fucking, it's not surprising that it happened.
It's surprising that it took this long.
I think you should have gotten this email years ago.
Yeah.
I think they go by liquid volume.
I think they're like, holy shit, this guy has put us on the map.
Can I tell you?
But not because he created community because he's had so much to drink.
My manager had a client whose name will escape me for a moment, but she played a character
on Chicago Hope called Lisa Katerra.
And my manager called up Cadillac and they have a car called the Cadillac Katerra.
And she said, my client plays Lisa Katerra.
Oh, so it's like subliminal marketing.
Well, actually, I think the guy that wrote the show might have picked that name because
of that.
Oh, it's like Jesus.
They're also in a character called Bio Corvette.
So she called up Cadillac and said, can you just give her a car?
I'm like, well, will she drive it in the show?
I can't guarantee that, but she'll talk about it on Leno and Conan and shit.
And so she did and they gave her a goddamn car.
And so I was in a show and I'm like, can I change my character's name to Porsche 911?
Yeah.
9-Eleven is not a good association.
This was in 2000.
It was before.
This was before?
Yes.
My fascination with 9-Eleven predates all of the tragedy.
Not to take away from that story, but just to express how exciting this is for me.
It's fucking big news, man.
That's a story about.
That's another story about, like, oh, we finagled the thing and we got free play stations
because it's a Sony show and I told them my habit was going to play a play station.
This is you becoming the Highlander.
They called me authentic.
They came to me.
They called me an inspiration.
Do you think that was a 4M email or that was a handcrafted email?
I think that he sat, he was like, well, I've.
What's his name?
Carl Nole.
Yeah.
He sat down and said pen to paper and he goes, dear Mr. Dan Harmon.
And his family.
I'm a big fan of Harmontown.
He's the 11th generation of the family that's been distilling this vodka.
So you know his great-great-grandpa was writing to, like, Thomas Edison.
We hear you.
We don't know that.
You invented the cool shit.
Something like that.
Yeah.
You're the Thomas Edison of our day.
So what's going to happen now?
Do we know what the outcome of this will be?
He's going to be drinking more cattle wine.
No, he won't.
He'll be paying less.
Yeah.
He'll be drinking this wine.
I mean, that's the cool thing, is that now that this has happened, the rest of life
is improv.
Like I become a constellation.
That's what happens.
I join Ursa Major and Archimedes in the.
Yeah.
He's like, oh, you see that thing that looks like a Kettle One bottle?
That's Dan Harmon.
Yeah.
He drank himself into the cosmos.
Is that what you've been trying to do?
Yeah.
Like, oh boy, that makes me happy.
That is amazing.
That is.
That's like if Popeye got a letter of recommendation from Spinach.
We just want to let you know Popeye.
It's like he'd be like, it's about time, you know, like, wait, so you, you're like
the Popeye of Vodka is what you're saying?
It's where I get my strength.
Okay.
I mean, my family has a relationship with.
What is the, I'm imagining, because I've been to the writer's room at community up
in Paramount and there's always giant cost-coercised bottles of Kettle One there.
Courtesy of my assistant Spencer.
Oh, well, fuck it, let's bring him out on that.
Spencer, everybody, come on out.
Spencer.
Yeah.
What's up?
I saw that in the mail before you did, Dan, about your club ownership or whatever.
Alliance membership.
Yeah.
You don't seem stoked.
I mean, I'm not getting any free vodka.
Yeah, you are.
You're getting free vodka.
It's cutting into my job, like making sure he has steady access to vodka is a huge responsibility
of mine.
Oh, so you're saying you might be getting made redundant because.
Yeah.
And I mean, he has a concierge service, like.
Oh, don't worry about that.
That's the same thing.
Did you get concierge service?
Yes.
Well, it says concierge is really, what does that really mean?
Don't bring you the vodka.
That's what that means.
You can call him at midnight and be like, I need some fucking vodka and at 12 or five,
your doorbell.
Yeah.
You really think that's what it is?
Well, yes.
Drew Carey had like a Budweiser, like that kind of hookup where he said Budweiser.
He's Drew Carey.
I guess he is the Budweiser of comedies at any point that is not an insult that I love
Drew Carey.
I think he's fucking hilarious.
He's the king of beers.
I said that because the joke was there, but I think he's hilarious.
He's great.
But if at any point Drew Carey picks up a certain, like the calls a number, a truck
pulls up at his house with kegs or cases or whatever he wants, like the Budweiser is
on the house, like forever.
Yeah.
Well, that's you.
What cattle won?
And you're like.
I want that with Vivian Westwood suits.
I want, I want, I want, I want, I want, I want a fucking giant black truck to pull up
like Knight Rider and there just be a giant rack of suits at all, all size 54 UK size.
And I just, just, I want them to just like, just push it all into my place.
Yeah.
Huh.
I don't know what mine would be.
I guess video games.
I would take some.
Oh man.
Yeah.
I want to read the Xbox Alliance.
All right.
Camille, not to be provocative, but, uh, and not to, not, not to like probe in a, in a
weird way, but how do you feel about he'll pop?
About what?
He'll popping.
Oh, I've never been, I, I feel like, okay, so people talk about fetishes and stuff.
I don't have any, but just cause I'm still just happy to be there.
You know, like, I'm just like so grateful genuinely just to sort of be involved in the
process of sex, but that's, that's once you're, you're in a room with a naked lady.
That's how we all feel.
But what, is there anything that turns your head and like, like makes your brain spark?
I've been married for six years and I am still, will take any part of her that she
let me have, seriously, I mean, it sounds withholding, but still sexy.
Number one is the butt.
Her most precious prize.
That was an anal sex joke about my wife.
Really horrible.
For me, for me, like, like, when I watch porn and I do, of course, as we all must.
Yeah.
So, somebody's, somebody's given it a look, somebody's watching it.
There's certainly an industry.
Here's, I have a couple of notes for the porn people.
Learn how to fucking hold a camera and then get the girl in the frame, like, like, there's
the girl in the frame.
There's headroom.
You had one job.
Why is there, there's six feet of headroom and I can't see her legs and like, get the
gal in the shot.
Here's my other.
I don't like it when they, when the girl looks in, into the camera, because that, I'm like,
I don't know why they keep doing that.
I don't, I know I'm not there, I'm not an idiot.
Because they're not, they're not theatrically trained.
No.
But they're like, talk to the camera and I'm like, not at my best right now.
Like, I don't want to see you, I don't want you to see me like this and also horrible
right now.
To the extent that I'm immersed at all, I'm pretending to be the guy, so then you're
looking and the weirdest thing is when they, they, they do what they're doing to the fella
and then they're looking at the camera and going, you like that?
You like the way I do that?
I'm like, well, what now?
How am I involved?
I'm not involved.
I know.
Who's that?
What do you mean?
Do I like that?
Well, ask him.
Jesus Christ.
I, I don't, I don't, I wouldn't be watching it.
I don't want them to ask him because the fuck when the guys talk, it's over.
It's fucking over.
And also, will the guys stop putting their fingers in the girl's mouth?
Will you, can you please stop fish-hooking and doing that douchey shit?
Well, there's a lot of like that weird violence.
I, I, I feel like there's a lot of incredible rampant misogyny in porn.
I was like, you don't like fucking her.
Therefore, she doesn't like being fucked by you.
And now nobody wins.
The biggest turn on for me in porn is when the gal at least appears, hopefully realistically
is enjoying it.
That's why I like, this is weird.
I go, I, if there's like a squirting one, I go for that because then I'm like, oh,
for sure she's into it.
Oh yeah.
Squirting, squirting's great, but it's always that fucking Scytheria chick is fucking weird.
She's good at it.
I don't like when it gets on the camera.
She's weird.
She's not.
You don't like it when a droplet hits the lens because it's like, it takes you out of
it.
Yeah.
Because it's not like, you know, like in video games now when it rains, it gets on the screen.
And then I think of that.
And then I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't like that.
It's not the act of squirting.
It's just the idea of she wants to be there.
What's amazing about squirting is it's physical, empirical evidence that the girl enjoyed herself.
That's what I like.
It's proof.
You know what I also don't like?
But often supported by an on-site special effects crew.
I mean, there's an online, like, there is a lot where I'm like, that was, you should
be hydrating because.
There's a lot of.
You think so?
Yes.
It's trickery.
Yeah.
It's, it's sort of a stunt.
Am I, am I being lied to by the porn industry?
Yeah.
Um, but isn't it interesting when we talked about the dichotomy between gay and straight,
the other interesting thing is the dichotomy between, which, which, which it's, it's actually
remarkable how this threshold has been able to maintain itself in a society which clearly
holds nothing sacred anymore, in which there's network shows called who wants to marry a
dwarf or, you know, who wants to eat spider shit for, for, for a, for a chance at a Verizon
job.
Like, like we, we are in the darkest days possible.
We are, what is on our TV is what was on the TV in the background of time bandits.
Like we, we are, we, we have, we have gone beyond the pale of Paddy Chayefsky's vision
and network all the way into just like people hanging upside down over lava and going, are
you afraid to die, you dumb bitch?
Okay.
$5,000.
Um, but, but we maintain this sexual obsession.
I read for that.
There's a dichotomy between what we call pornography and what we call reality.
When the truth is like, like pornography, when you really use that word correctly, everything
in our society has become pornography.
It's all for the prairie and interest.
It's all just garbage.
Um, none of it is for the furtherment of the fucking species.
So, and yet we are so, it's, it's, it's interesting and I'm good.
I'm not going to be cynical about it.
I'm going to, I'm going to say this is adorable about us that we are so obsessed with sex.
So in love with it and consider it so powerful that we have, we still have been able to maintain
the schism so that the people that are willing to have sex on camera are, you know, the guy,
I'll just talk about the guys cause I don't want to, you know, we've had Dan and our friend
Dana D'Armanda on here and like, like I'm not going to, uh, I, I, I don't want to add
to the fucking landfill of misogyny that must be rampant in the, in that when you go into
a pornography, so let's just talk about the guys.
There's no chance of being politically incorrect about that.
The dumbest fucking people in the world are the only people that are willing to do it.
Like the guy, like the, when they improvise their dialogue and the things that they say
to the women, when they're so like, like, like, she's, she's on the hook.
She's willing to have sex with you on camera.
You don't have to, you don't have to spike that football.
Oh, what are you saying?
I just blush.
I'm like, you're, oh God.
No.
Just tell her you love her.
I mean, it might not be true, but either is the idea of like, like slapping the face
with your dick and your, yeah, it's just the weird urban inflection, you grew up rich.
Can everybody, can everybody stop spitting on everything?
Like the fucking spitting is fucking.
Can everything stop being like fucking crooked and pierced and covered with butterflies?
And like, what about the poor little 40 year old guy with a little dick just wants to watch
a librarian say, your books are overdue.
If you owe me so much money and have the guy like Ron Jeremy or something like troll like
guy that represents me go, but I don't have any money.
Well you're going to have to do something because this book is overdue.
What are you doing?
Refusal of the call.
Yeah.
Powerful.
Makes, makes, makes a person hard as a diamond, thresholds, goddesses, atonements with fathers.
Don't take that literally, but, but that is Debbie does Dallas is a big atonement with
the father in there called doing Debbie.
I think it's weird to think about how it's the only industry I can think of that could
end right now and we would be fine forever because there is so much porn out there.
Oh yeah.
The worst would be before you die, you have to watch one video for the second time.
Yeah.
Like you could watch porn every single day.
Like if we stop making salt at some point, we're going to be like, we need some fucking
salt, but with porn, there's always so much porn.
We've been fucking great at it for so long, but porn is something where like you, you
have that one image that one video that you can go back to over and over again.
That's like that one for some reason is potent.
Like the way they make eye contact or something.
I had this weird thing when I was a kid, I had a very, very religious Muslim upbringing.
So I found porn, but I would feel like immense amount of guilt for it.
So I would always watch it, but I had to be done before they achieved penetration.
Also the fact that I call it achieved.
And done.
So just how far away outside my reality was.
Xbox Alliance.
Yeah.
Achievement unlocked, yeah.
So I would watch it, but right before they actually started fucking, I had to like come
and be done before that because then I thought that it was, that then it wasn't a sin.
Hmm.
I like, I like when the gals enjoy it and I want the guys to have a giant dick and not
talk.
Don't talk.
You don't like them to talk even if it's not like terrible talk.
If they talk, it better be fucking interesting and fucking.
It better be.
My life is in this here in Yellow Leaf, Leon McDuff.
You want them to talk about how we don't use words enough?
Shit.
The girl says, hopefully you'll let me suck your dick again to the guy.
You just, his voice above the camera goes like, actually hopefully used as an adverb
as being misappropriated there.
If you're saying that you would like to suck my dick in full of hope.
It's so ironic you're eating my pussy.
It's not ironic.
It's coincidental.
Two titties emerged in a yellow wood.
And I chose the one less nibbled on.
I've been obsessed with the number 9-11 for many years.
I'll expand on it while you suck my balls.
I used to have dreams of you rubbing my nuts like this and now it's happening.
Spencer, let's play some Dungeons and Dragons, shall we?
Yeah.
Let's do that.
Or do you, or does Spencer want to talk about his debut as a network single actor?
Fuck D&D.
Let's talk about that.
That's better.
Yeah, going from sex to the polar opposite of sex doesn't seem like a good transition.
I don't know.
I crave nothing more after sex than Dungeons and Dragons, but...
Well, that's funny because when I play Dungeons and Dragons, I crave nothing more than sex.
It's a game that...
I combine D&D with sex because I fuck every goddamn thing I meet.
But, yeah, I mean, I kind of dropped it on you like a sandbag.
Yeah.
And I did that because I didn't want you to have to worry about whether or not you were
supposed to say yes or no to it.
I just wanted you to have the luxury of having it thrust upon you.
Yeah, no, it was a really good methodology there.
When did you do it?
When was this?
It was Monday and Wednesday.
Oh, wow.
It was my days.
And without...
He was in a total of four scenes, right?
Yeah, yeah.
He was like a legitimate guest star role.
Have you ever done any television, like any acting, learning lines, any theater in school
or anything?
No.
I mean, when I was in college, I took a speech class, but you didn't even have to, like,
memorize, so...
So what was it like for you to get a script, have these lines?
Like, what was your process?
I vomited a lot.
Did you really?
I mean, not like a lot.
But you did.
And then it goes a long way with vomit.
Yeah, that's my rule when it comes to vomit.
Yeah.
You did vomit because you were nervous?
Yeah, I mean, the Harmontown, you know, Die Hard Harmontown fans will know I feel like shit
a lot because a combination of weird anxiety and eating garbage 100% of the time makes
me feel weird.
So, like, sometimes when I come to Harmontown, I'm feeling weird, and that's what it is.
It's just these two things.
So that's what was happening.
It makes you understand why, you know, famous people are all about health, because, like,
you can't afford not to be healthy if you're vomiting when you're supposed to be in front
of the camera, like, you're fucked, right?
Yeah, you can't be sick at all.
Yeah.
I don't get why people...
Did you have a good time?
How was it?
It was, like, it was really nerve-wracking because, I mean, I don't even talk to people
that are near me.
But he was, yeah, he's doing scenes with, like, I'll make arbitrary decisions about what's
a spoiler and what's not, but he was doing scenes with Danny Pudi, Allison Brie, and
Brie Larson, like, and he was the fourth and was an equal part of all of these scenes.
Oh, that's great.
And I can't express enough how...
Much I'd like to finish a sentence without being applauded.
That's your curse.
That's just, like, the Midas touch and many, many, many, like, punchlines.
Like, I just created a character that was, like, like, I did my best to go, like, okay,
it doesn't matter if you are nervous or if you, you know, that it would just be, like,
because you seem unflappable.
Like, a lot of people cannot handle if you go, like, oh, we like you.
Why don't you stand up on this slightly higher platform because of what we like about you?
Well, most of us, like, when we step onto that higher platform, we start to become so
conscious of the meta context that we actually, we kind of can't keep being the version of
ourselves that the people value down here.
Yeah.
But we brought you out of the audience and you're a dungeon master.
We brought you on tour.
You're in Brooklyn.
400 people are giving you a standing ovation for rolling dice and stuff.
And it's just, like, you're kind of unflappable.
Maybe you're puking in the bathroom, I guess we're learning, but, but, but, and I was like,
That's, that's all though.
I mean, I did that at my old jobs and stuff too.
But, but I was very serious to see.
That's your process.
Because now you're beyond anything that I think I would be willing to do.
I don't think I would have been, I don't, they're on that, on the set of community,
they're, it's, it's like, like, just lights and a lot of them and like people hanging from
rafters and you're used to it.
Like literally in the rafters, like you'll hear someone talking like seven feet above
your head.
Yeah.
Holy shit.
And hundreds of people in the, in the space around you, everything is an illusion.
What you see on TV is an apartment, but it is a crowd.
It is a town hall meeting surrounding you and three cameras on giant dollies.
And it gets, it's, I don't know how, I don't know how, how, how, how, to what extent I'd
be able to act naturally in that environment and actors have to have a kind of psychosis
because they have to know that the camera's there and they have to act like they don't
know it's there.
But they also have to act in a way that no one would act in real life because the camera
needs them to act a certain way.
They need to keep their chin up.
But Spencer's kind of a slam dunk for that because he, like, you're, you're, you, we only
know you on camera.
You're on stage and nobody asked you to be, you're on camera in the documentary, nobody
asked you to be like, your, your persona is the Spencer that we know, which is the guy
that's like, why is everybody looking at me?
Yeah, maybe.
But you, whether you're inwardly or, you know, you're shitting like a Canadian goose, like
we don't know.
Like outwardly, you're just being Spencer that we all know and love.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't know.
I can foresee you standing next to like Joaquin Phoenix, like presenting an award at like
in two years.
I could see that.
Yeah.
Not that that's an important goal, but I think it's, I think, I think it's interesting.
That's great.
I can't wait to see it.
Spencer, real quick, before we play D&D for a moment, weird fetish.
Um, I like it when the clothes are off.
What a weirdo.
Can I say one thing about the, what percentage gay do you think Spencer is?
Huh?
What percentage gay do you think?
I'm a zero on the Kinsey scale, I think, am I getting there?
You're pretty straight.
You mean?
Yeah.
I will say this about myself is that one of my biggest regrets is going to be that I'll
probably die without ever having sucked a penis.
Not because I just feel like it's an experience that so many people have and I just want to
be able to relate to it.
And it's never going to happen.
I don't want to fuck a dude in the ass.
I think most people would let a guy go down on them.
I think that's fine.
But, but like sucking a penis is such a specific thing and I'll never have it.
Camille, you can do anything you want.
You know what?
It's crazy to me.
Can we turn the lights down real quick?
In movies and stuff when you get introduced to, uh...
Oh!
Oh, Camille!
Camille!
Like in...
Hey, not bad first time out, huh?
What were you saying?
I didn't mean to step on that bit.
I didn't know.
No, no, no.
It wasn't even...
What were you saying?
Well, it's interesting to me like a closeted gay culture in movies, like in other words,
archetypes where you in movies and TV when closeted gay men are represented in media,
like the idea that they pay money for the privilege of blowing another dude, which is
really profound.
And interesting because it's like, oh my God, that's how repressed we are.
That men who are pigs and who don't care about anything with themselves and that they could
be so fenced in psychologically that they would give money something they don't give
to...
They're like, can I give you $50?
Can I just give you pleasure, another guy?
That's really profound to me.
I think that's the one thing that is definitely...
That's definitely gay.
If you're fucking a dude in the ass, you could be like, oh, this is a woman.
If someone's fucking you in the ass, it could be a woman with a strap on.
But if you're sucking a penis, you're definitely sucking a penis, you know?
There's no...
So I think if you're someone that's a very tough stance to take, no jobs are great.
I think it's a Drew Carey's joke.
You know you're gay when you're sucking a guy's dick, but you're thinking about another
guy's dick.
That's gay.
It's kind of a Budweiser-y joke because I prefer something more important than that.
More alliance-y, if you will.
I like that it's an alliance.
You're like part of NATO now.
Yeah, I feel like...
Can we get a list of the other people who are currently in NATO?
You don't think they frown on me, like humble bragging or bragging or whatever.
They like it, right?
This is what they want.
Do you think it's tacky?
They're like, don't tell them about the alliance.
I would venture a guess and say that you'd be disappointed to find out who's also received
that email.
Seth Green.
Jeremy Piven.
Definitely.
But this time Jeremy Piven probably has a humanitas, you hang out long enough.
Yeah, he's been around a while.
Look, time is short.
Let's play a little bit of D&D.
Yeah, come on.
Just give us a...
Give it to us.
Give us a sweet taste, Spencer Shaik.
I always do.
I don't get it.
Last time on Harmontown, our heroes clashed with Admiral Darkstar at the top of his black
keep.
The Admiral thought the heroes were playing into his hands, but Darkstar had a rude awakening
as he realized the shards were nowhere to be found.
After yet more disappointment, Chris de Burgh knocked Admiral Darkstar from his post onto
the ground, where he was then sat upon by Mulraine.
Sharpie cast reduced person on himself, and as a miniature man tried to trick the Dark
Lord by conjuring a crude figment of what he hoped would be the demonic warlord's mother.
When it failed to beguile Darkstar, Sharpie broke out into rap.
What did it mean?
How did the rap play out in terms of combat time?
Was it actually canon?
We'll find out tonight.
That's it.
That's all I got.
Dan, should we get Ian?
He's here tonight to play Mulraine?
You want Ian to play Mulraine?
Ian, get out of the genre and come up and play Mulraine for us.
Ian, everybody.
So yeah, Ian played us Chris de Burgh last week.
Yeah, it was you last week.
How was it?
It was hard.
It was hard?
He kicked some ass.
I did kick some ass.
I had some good weapons.
Really?
I've never looked.
He just keeps tying a rope to a dagger.
Did you know you have a Bola?
Ebola?
I don't know how that's a weapon.
I give it to other people.
You could weaponize it.
It's a Bola.
A weapon.
A Bola.
Like, you throw it.
Oh, it's like a ropey thing?
Was it?
Yeah.
It has ropes on it.
I know you like ropes.
Yeah, I've been doing ropes.
It's like a cat or nine tails, kind of.
It's like two weights separated by a cord, and you whip one around like a lasso and
let it go, and then it'll wrap around.
Oh, around people's legs and stuff?
Yeah.
Like a kinect.
Like superheroes.
Like Batman has a thing like that.
Yeah.
Cool.
He was the superhero I was thinking of.
Okay, so Spencer, give us the physical layout, where we're all standing and what we're doing
right now.
You're in a room.
It's rather unadorned, except there's a big pillar of black crystal, and on the ground
is Admiral Darkstar is being set upon by Moraine.
There's an illusion of a woman standing nearby.
I'm sorry.
There's what?
An illusion of a woman standing nearby that Sharpie had conjured and was talking about
buying dicks off.
I think she's an older lady, right?
Yeah, definitely older.
Someone's mom.
Yeah.
I have a wire saw.
This is great.
Yeah, man.
There's two pages.
I put a lot of thought into these things.
All right, so what's going on with Darkstar?
He's being set on.
Is he...
He's not digging it so much.
Can I take my wire saw to his head?
You can try.
Admiral Darkstar, we're about to take a wire saw to your head.
Do you have anything to say about that?
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's good.
What do you say about that?
He has nothing to say.
All right.
You're just saying nothing?
Yeah.
Who knows?
He's definitely not saying anything.
Wait a minute.
Do it.
You're so...
Your trademark is your speaking voice, Admiral Darkstar.
Speak.
I think it's because I'm sitting on him.
Maybe I should move.
Yeah.
No, don't move.
It's because he's being set on.
Okay.
That's why he's not talking.
I kiss him.
Well, you'd have to move more rain.
Well, no, I don't.
I can bend down and kiss his face.
His face is being set on.
Oh, he's...
He's going on his face.
I'll take it.
Yeah.
Didn't I say that?
So, how would I cut his...
I guess sort of sideways, top of his head, cut it like that.
I mean, I'd start at the neck.
But isn't the neck being set on?
Well, the face is being set on.
I mean, presumably the neck has a bit of a exposure.
Can I get into a flanking position and be ready to fuck him?
Yes.
All right.
I go to his neck and I start cutting his neck.
You start cutting his neck.
Let me see.
Oh, God.
Time to get some head and I start sawing.
I'm not happy with it.
And I say, already am.
Right now?
You hear a pain like screaming, muffled, coming through like armor and anus.
This is awful.
What are we doing?
We want to kill this guy, right?
Well, I don't know.
We've already beaten him.
We're cutting his head off surgically.
His limbs are flailing around.
It's a little Taliban, sure.
I stop.
I have my pants down around my ankles behind him and I look at Sharpie and go, wait, wait,
is there a flag in the play?
What's going on?
Well, why do we not like this guy?
Because he does stuff like this?
I mean, like, what is the difference between him and us if this is how we beat him?
He has represented evil the entire time we've ever heard him say.
He just wanted some shards of power and had some UFOs and stuff.
Okay.
I keep my pants down around my ankles and I back off and I give the floor to Sharpie.
I stop and I go, I'm sorry, and then Mulraine, could you get off his face?
I just, okay.
This is a bad idea.
I get off his face.
Who's going to tie his head off?
Also, Spencer, real quick, could you physically describe Admiral Darkstar right now?
Yeah, he looks like he's, you know, just wearing black armor.
He can't see any part of him.
What size is he?
Is he a regular humanoid?
He's like six foot tall and he has a horned helmet on the black cape.
Everything's all black and matte.
All right, so we all get off him and we give him some space because Sharpie wants to have
a little coffee clutch with him.
I go, look, we can kill you if we want.
We were cutting your neck off, head off.
We could have done it before you had freedom.
I mean, you say those things, I guess.
What is he doing?
He's just staring at you guys.
He pulls himself to his feet.
What?
No, he's sitting down.
When I kick him back down, that happens.
That was not an invitation to be equals with us.
This is magnanimity.
This is, I mean, do you just want to die?
Yes or no?
No!
See, he doesn't want to die.
That's how he sounds?
Oh, yeah.
Yes.
Yes, the best.
He sounds like Axl Rose.
Let's just tie him up and take him with us on our next adventure.
Do you know where you are?
What?
That's all right.
You in my keep now.
I make the rules.
You have to understand it doesn't look like that to us.
He does respond.
If you almost cut your head off, we totally could have.
So are we cool now?
If you cut my head off, I'll be more strong than you can imagine.
It's a good thing we didn't cut his head off.
I love cutlerosis, so I'm bad.
I don't know.
I've never just assassinated someone.
We've beaten him and we're just supposed to terminate his life.
I go up to him and I rifle through his pockets.
He stops you.
Stops you?
Yeah.
I grapple him and then try to wrestle him to the floor.
All right.
What's your grapple bonus?
Grapple bonus?
I hope it's like 14 or something.
That's a very good question.
What's my grapple bonus?
My grapple?
I'm going to call a critical fail a critical fail when I see one.
Oh, fuck hell.
Yeah.
So you go to grab him and he does this weird judo move, like some sort of crazy nerd.
And before you know it, you're on your back and he's like, I had a plus five grapple
bonus.
Yeah.
I know.
That's why I said you need like a 14 or something.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah.
So now, now he's, he's over you and he's got your arm and like one of those poses when
the guy has your arm and it makes you not able to do stuff.
Oh yeah.
That's happening.
Okay.
Sure.
Like some kind of half Nelson or something?
Yeah.
I do the, the WWF thing where I slap my shoulder like fake pain.
I, I scorching Ray his face.
Okay.
Wait.
So cutting his head off is not okay, but I had to wait like in the movies for him to
try to kill us.
He hasn't tried at all to attack us.
He's just not very good.
He's tried a thousand ways to kill us over the, over the years.
Dealing 20 damage.
Nice.
You're scorching, you know, missile and it hits him in the face and his, his armor begins
to glow red with heat.
What do you, what do you, his armor starts to glow red with heat.
Yeah.
Cause he hit it with a scorching missile.
Okay.
So that'll happen.
All right.
Well, damage report.
I said 20 damage.
Okay.
Yeah.
But what is it?
Is he dead?
No.
All right.
He's Admiral Darkstar.
He's not on the ground anymore.
He's got quark, uh, grappled to take his helmet off.
You could definitely ask him.
Well, is it, is it more range turn?
Whoever wants to ask a question, honestly, I don't, I don't want to ask him.
I say we just tie his ass up and then we take his home.
He's up and about.
Now he's got our friend hostage, which just kill him.
I, I'm sorry.
I caused an extra epilogue to killing him.
I didn't feel comfortable sitting on a man's face and sawing his head off.
There's no, there's no dignity in that.
I felt uncomfortable doing it.
I go into the corner and start, uh, I take my shoe off.
You're being grappled.
Oh, I'm being grappled.
What am I here for?
Okay.
You go into the corner.
While I'm being grappled with my right foot, I start, I start dangling my shoe.
I dip it, I dangle it, couple, couple, couple of heel pops.
Pop that heel baby.
Yeah.
Pop that thigh, heel pop it.
Dan.
I guess.
Sorry.
I thought I was going full character there.
Um.
What do we do guys?
Kill him.
All right.
I take out the wire saw and I go and I start sawing his neck off again and I go very loudly.
I say, uh, this feels familiar.
So you start wire saw in his head and, uh, he's not doing the same thing as he did last
time.
In fact, you, you, you start, you get a few strokes in his helmet pops off and you see
there's no head inside.
It's all crazy.
You guys.
Head.
Is that helmet?
What?
Is there wires in there?
No.
Yeah.
There's confetti.
It's happy birthday.
No, inside you see billowing black smoke that pours into the room and swirls and begins
swirling and continues this swirling into a black dark vortex of powerful magical energy.
And you can hear a voice kind of, uh, kind of scream out, I told you, he did tell you.
Yeah.
I can confirm that you become more powerful than we could possibly imagine.
Something like that.
I can't go that far to confirm.
God damn it.
We shouldn't.
We should have killed him.
We shouldn't have.
This is like the second time you've taken off his head and something like this has happened.
Right.
What?
Yeah.
I don't even remember the other one.
Thanks, Adam.
He knows.
I think it was a tiring episode.
Yeah.
I, I, I yell out, what do you want from us, Admiral Darkstar?
You hear no response, only the roaring vortex of magical power.
Dispel that shit, shut up, who has, all right, does somebody have to spell that shit on
their character sheet?
No, it's, he might as well be calling out, achieve victory, black smoke around it.
I cast achieve victory.
You achieve victory, because he's really just going away, right?
I, I wave the smoke around like a spark.
The smoke continues to spin and it spins downward, kind of like a spiral funnel cloud.
And it kind of, you see it go through the ground and then it disappears.
Yeah.
So it's kind of like the worst episodes of Lost.
Kind of.
But before you can react, you hear a rumbling followed by a cracking followed by an explosion
of stones from the floor below.
As you see a metal clawed hand, maybe about seven feet long, seven feet in some dimension,
smash through the floor.
It's a metal claw and it grabs, it attempts to grab quark, it grabs quark and grabs him
and begins pulling him towards this stone hole and it's like, it's, it's anxiety inducing.
It builds tension.
Almost like a cliffhanger.
Oh.
It's a cliffhanger.
Cliffhanger!
Thank you.
Thank you, it wasn't all Harmontown, give it up for Ian.
Camille, not Gianni.
Thank you, everyone.
Bertie Stevens earlier on.
Thank you.
And all of our lovely Harmonites and Harmonians.
I'm Jeff James, your mayor.
Oh, Dan Harmon.
Hello.
I have to go back to the community offices where the writers are waiting for me.
Because we're, we have to finish writing the episode that shoots tomorrow.
So if I'm, if I'm, if I shoot through like an aloof meteor to my car, don't judge me.
Well, Special Clinton too, everybody.
I meant to hit Xanadu, but my fingers are too fat and I hit a country song for no reason.
So pretend it's Xanadu.
I love you all.
I love you all. Good night.